Warnings
--------

This tool has been tested against Oracle and SqlServer installations.
It has not yet been tested (but should work) against DB2 installations.
Please use caution.

As a matter of prudence, it is recommended that you back up your database
before running this tool. While some changes made by the tool are reversible,
some are not.

Introduction
------------

RxFix provides a set of database cleanup modules to repair your 
Rhythmyx database. At this time the following modules are implemented:

1) Next number cleanup
2) Content status history cleanup
3) Inline relationship cleanup
4) Locates all orphaned folders, renames them to append the contentid 
   to avoid conflicts and then links to the system folder "Folders". 
   This fix needs a server restart.
5) Locates invalid folders (that do not have entries in PSX_FOLDER table) 
   and cleans up other related tables to make the system functional.

It should be noted that for the content status history cleanup, only
certain records can be restored. If other information is missing, it
is irretrievable:

1) Items that are in a public state will have a new history record 
inserted for their current revision. 

2) Items that are revision locked are assumed to have gone public. If 
this assumption is incorrect, you should contact Percussion Technical
Support. Such items will have a public history record for revision 1
created if it is missing

3) Items that have a current revision greater than 1 are assumed to have
gone public at revision 1, and a public history record for revision 1
will be created if it is missing. If this assumption is incorrect, you 
should contact Percussion Technical Support.

4) Item revisions without revision records for earlier revisions than
their tip revision will have those created

Running
-------

To run RxFix, you must either have a java executable on your path, or
use a full pathname to access the java executable in your Rhythmyx
directory. To run the utility in the same directory you've unziped the
tool into:

java -jar rxfix.jar <rhythmyxrootdirectory> [-gui] [-preview] [-list]

Adding the -preview flag will allow you to see what the tool will do, 
without having changes made to your installation. Using the -list flag
will show the current list of fixes in the tool.

The -gui flag will bring the tool up in gui mode. This is only supported
on Windows at this time. In gui mode the directory may be omitted and supplied
in the GUI.

The tool will output its actions to the console, and will also record 
them in a file in the current directory, rxfix.log. This file will not
be overwritten on each run; instead it will be appended to. The log 
entries include the date to allow you to see what was run when.

Understanding the Output and Caveats
------------------------------------

The output from the tool is logged in sections. Each fix module is run,
and each attempts to summarize what it has done, or would do if in 
preview mode. 

The next number fixups cause records to be updated as if each record
represents the next number to be allocated for the related table. This 
sometimes means that numbers are incremented that do not need to be. 
However, there is no programmatic way to know what values in the NEXTNUMBER
table are actually treated as the last number allocated versus the next
number to be allocated. Thus we do the safe thing, which is to increment
if there is a question. In the case where the calculated maximum value for
the related table's primary key is equal to the current next number, we
update quietly since this is most likely not an error.

The content status history module has some limitations. It cannot recreate 
all missing history information since the only place that information is
recorded is in the CONTENTSTATUSHISTORY table. What it does instead is to
create a workable history so that publishing and other Rhythmyx functions
are able to perform their duties correctly. 

05/27/04 [WARN ] PSFixContentStatusHistory - The following items had new public state records created for their currentrevision:

Items listed here are complete from a public version point of view, and
aside from the caveats already mentioned, may be missing earlier 
public revisions.

05/27/04 [WARN ] PSFixContentStatusHistory - The following items had new public state records created for revision 1:

These items may have had later public revisions. It is important for you
to examine these items to see if they require further hand fixes. Note 
also the limitation already mentioned that certain assumptions are being
made - contact Percussion Technical Support if these assumptions are not
correct for your installation.

05/27/04 [WARN ] PSFixContentStatusHistory - The following items had new revision records created:

These fill in records are simply placeholders to allow you to manipulate
earlier versions of a content item.


